he's everything that they said he is and
more they underpaid him he worth a bill
is shoh now on a on a different shelf
than any other player all right Scott I
have to clarify he's the most remarkable
player I've ever seen did sh Otani
yesterday have the best day in the
history of the sport it was the best day
in the history of the sport shotani is
the first MLB player ever to hit 50 home
runs and steal 50 bases in a season the
first MLB player ever to be an All-Star
twice in one season the first MLB player
ever to pitch a baseball 102 mph and
also hit a baseball 119 mph and he is
undoubtedly the first MLB player ever to
be unanimously considered the goat this
is the story of how an extraordinary
Japanese boy became the greatest
baseball player of all time born July
5th 1994 in OSU uat Japan shoh Otani
knew from birth that he was made for the
baseball diamond he was obsessed with
the game of baseball and as a child
Otani was known as yaku Shonen also
named baseball boy a kid who lives eats
and breathes baseball and his obsession
paid off in high school at the age of 18
the already 6'5 Otani threw a 99 mph
pitch which at the time was the fastest
pitch ever thrown by a high school
baseball player in Japan sh had his pick
at joining any team in the niton
professional baseball league but things
weren't so simple Otani came to contract
dealings with a peculiar catch he wanted
to be the first two-way baseball player
player of the modern era and he refused
to sign with any team not willing to
make his dream come true a stipulation
that some organizations were deathly
afraid of shohi knew that his dream
would make his baseball Journey much
more difficult but being a two-way
player was as much a part of him as his
heart his blood or his pride to strip
Otani of being a two-way player would be
tant him out to stripping him of his
identity so to keep his dream alive and
well Otani signed with a nipon ham
Fighters one of the teams that were
willing to roll the dice on him being a
two-way player meaning that his
professional baseball Journey was
officially underway in 2013 at just the
age of 18 Otani made his debut in the
mpb and right from the start it was
clear that Otani had fire in his Spirit
but unfortunately that fire had yet to
carry into his ball play in 86 games
played for the 2013 season Otani only
hit three home runs and batted 231 his
pitching was not much more spectacular
with a 4.02 erra in 18 games granted
these are phenomenal numbers for an
18-year-old but critics began to surface
claiming that the gamble to sign Otani
as a two-way player was a complete and
utter mistake Isa harimoto a baseball
critic was quoted in 2014 saying shoh
Otani is being childish his selfish
desire to hit is taking at bats from
real players angering his teammates and
keeping him from becoming the player he
could be at the time isa's statement had
some truth to it and the criticism meant
that maybe shi's dream would never come
to fruition he was forced to ask himself
am I destined to be a a two-way player
in legend or a one-way player in
mediocrity after 3 years of average ball
play shohi entered the 2016 season
needing to prove that a two-way player
was possible and boy did he on the mound
Otani had a 1.86 ER and 174 strikeouts
in 140 Innings he also threw the fastest
pitch in Japanese history at 102.5 mph
at the plate he also batted 322 with 22
home runs in 382 plate appearances shi's
2016 season was a complete breakout year
on both sides of the plate and marked
the first time that critics and coaches
actually believed a two-way star was
possible by the 2017 season at only 22
shohi was considered to be the best
baseball player in Japan which made MLB
teams such as the Giants Dodgers and
Angels very interested in signing him
however one major problem stood in the
way shohi wasn't a free agent until the
age of 25 which would mean that to go to
the MLB early Shi would have to do
something extremely abnormal he would
have to voluntarily choose not to get
paid a $200 million contract in the nppb
to get paid the MLB minimum of only
$545,000 see to me and you the decision
to stay in the npb until 25 to get a
guaranteed $200 million appears a
no-brainer but let's take a closer look
at the man reer study shy Otani is
obsessed with baseball and wanted to
play in the MLB from childhood even out
of high school he was making $2.4
million a year on the ham Fighters but
chose to give control of his finances to
his mother who only allowed him an
allowance of $11,000 a month Shi saved
$20,000 during the 2 years he was making
2.4 million which would mean in 2 years
he theoretically only spent $4,000 Otani
chose not to get a license because he
said it would take too much time away
from baseball to get it and as the most
popular athlete in Japan he voluntarily
stayed in the team's dormitories which
usually only rookies stayed in all of
these crazy and even laughable facts
paint one crystal clear picture we are
not talking about you or me we are
talking about a player with the greatest
work ethic and desire to play baseball
that the world has ever seen that is why
in December 8th 2017 Shi Otani signed
with the Los Angeles Angels in a 4-year
just over $4 million deal a deal that
Otani most likely took because the
Angels were willing to make his dream
come true of being a two-way MLB player
Otani was a fan favorite to start the
2018 season and damn did he know how to
make a first impression in his first
four games he hit three home runs and
took a perfect game into the seventh
inning and after only a few games he was
the favorite to win Rookie of the Year
in his first at bat and Anaheim he did
the
unthinkable that's out toward right
center field going back on it to zamber
at the wall
go big fly Otani son otan wasn't just
surviving in the MLB he was thriving and
the MLB World had Otani fever in games
at Otani pitched there was an 11%
attendance increase and he had the
eighth most popular Jersey in his rookie
season fans were obsessed with him but
unfortunately as often happens the
bigger you are the harder you fall on
April 17th 2018 Otani exited the game in
the fourth inning with a blister on his
hand which appeared to be a bad Omen
because on September 3rd 2018 the Angels
announced that Otani would need Tommy
John surgery in his pitching on if you
haven't heard big news came down today
is that sh Otani had an MRI elbow wasn't
feeling great that MRI revealed that he
needs reconstructive elbow surgery or
Tommy Johnson supposedly Otani was so
upset about his injury that he didn't
leave his house for an entire week he
was still allowed to hit and he hit
great with an Ops of 925 but his
identity as a two-way player was in
extreme Jeopardy after all Otani had
gone through to prove a two-way star was
possible right as his success was in his
grasp it had the possibility to all get
Stripped Away entering the 2019 season
Shi was not able to pitch because of
Tommy John surgery but his hitting was
still very impressive Otani hit 18 home
runs with an Ops of 848 and an average
of 285 including a phenomenal game on
June 13th where Otani became the first
japanese-born player to hit for the
cycle things seemed to be trending up
for Otani until all of a sudden they
weren't other news today in baseball Shi
Otani shut down for the season this is
coming out from Billy Epler Angel's GM
sh Otani will undergo surgery tomorrow
in Los Angeles to address a bipartite
patella in his left knee otani's season
was abruptly ended on September 12th
2019 with the need for knee surgery
meaning that in only two seasons and 210
games Shi would need to go in for his
second potentially career-ending surgery
Shi entered the 2020 season with prayers
of healthiness after rehabbing his knee
and elbow but was met with even more
disappointment in his first pitching
start back on July 26th he faced six
batters and gave up five runs not even
recording one out and on August 4th 2020
Otani had yet another setback when he
was diagnosed with a grade onew strain
of his forearm that's life uh humans are
delicate creatures otani's body clearly
was not built for the Long Haul his arm
was not otani's body was literally
breaking down from the demanding nature
of pitching and hitting and critics
raved that it was time for him to choose
just one the upcoming 2021 season
appeared to be the last season for Otani
to prove that his dream was still
possible and prove it he did in 2021
Otani had what is considered to be the
best single season of all time in any
professional sport Otani won the Silver
Slugger Award sb's male athlete of the
year was listed as a top 100 most
influential person in the world by Time
Magazine one MVP had an Ops of 965 while
also pitching with an RA of 318 and won
the people's honor award of Japan which
he declined for some reason Otani was so
good that he made the All-Star team
twice once as a hitter and once as a
pitcher and had become such an icon that
there was an alternate broadcast in
Japan during all Angels games that only
filmed shoi no matter what was happening
in the game even if Otani wasn't playing
the broadcast would just film him on the
bench goofing around the weirdest part
about all of this though is Otani was
arguably even better at some points of
2022 in 2022 Otani pitched a much better
2.33 ER ranking him as the number four
in sa young voting while also hitting 34
home runs and batting with a 273 batting
average on back-to-back days on June
21st and 22nd Otani went three for four
with two home runs and eight RBI then a
day later struck out 13 batters and held
the Royals to two hits in eight shutout
Innings sh Otani was quite literally
superhuman in 2021 and 22 and his Fame
matched his talents Otani had the
highest selling jersey in 2022 and it
was estimated that over 600,000 fans
went to the ballpark in 2022 alone just
to see Otani in fact an economist
estimated that otan alone generated
$337 million in Revenue no single moment
captures otani's Fame and capabilities
more than that of March 21st 2023 when
this happened
32 hey struck him out Otani Strikes Out
trout and Japan's back on top of the
baseball World Otani had struck out his
former teammate Mike Trout in the ninth
inning of the World Baseball Classic
Championship an at bat that was
broadcasted to nearly 50 million people
solidifying him as the tournament's MVP
a true two-way player and the Goat
starting the 2023 season on a high from
winning the WC final Otani picked up
right where he left off in a double
header on July 27th 2023 Otani struck
out 8 in a one hit shut out in the
morning game then at night he went two
for three with two home runs Otani was
hitting and pitching better than he ever
had before and was quite literally at
the top of the world until tragedy
struck and I think that might be it for
Shi you're the crowd murmurer and Shi
will come out of the game after being
pulled from a game on August 24th 2023
in the second inning news broke that
Otani would need Tommy JN surgery for a
second time this was devastating news
for Otani but unlike his first Tommy
John surgery critics were no longer
bashing Otani for wanting to be a
two-way player because he had already
proven that his dream was possible one
article read the Angels pitches torn UCL
has created a lot of unknowns but his
greatness is never in question showing
that otani's identity had finally been
accepted injured or not Otani finished
the 2023 season with fantastic numbers
despite his injury and secured his
second MVP however something was still
missing Otani at this point had never
played in a postseason game and with his
value as a player more evident than ever
he entered free agency in the off season
seeking a contract with a playoff bound
team that people predicted would be the
largest contract in the history of
sports sh Otani the star pitcher the
star hitter the Superstar baseball
player for the Los Angeles Angels of
Anaheim just signed a 10-year deal with
the Los Angeles Dodges for $700 million
after signing the largest contract for
an MLB player of all all time some
nefarious betting from otani's
interpreter almost got him in trouble to
start the 2024 season but Otani began
his new MVP and World Series campaign
with Vigor nonetheless in fact in his
spring training Dodgers debut Otani did
exactly what you would expect he would
do swung on hit high in the air to left
and deep this ball carrying this ball is
gone the Dodgers team and fans loved him
and it's hard not to when he plays like
he does by August of the 2024 season
Rumblings were beginning that Otani
could achieve something new something
that even he had yet to achieve Otani
was nearing 40 home runs and 40 steals a
feat that only six players had
accomplished before and on August 23rd
2024 Otani attained the milestone in
Grand fashion by hitting a walk-off
Grand Slam first
pitch Fly ball right center field siries
going back he's at the track he's at the
wall
4040 look up Grand Slam no way fans were
obviously amazed and electrified but
instead of mobbing Otani with praise
they turned their heads to look at the
calendar and said wait a second he might
be able to get to 50 with less than 2
months of the Season left fans held
their breath as Otani creeped down a
treacherous and Uncharted Road carving
at his legacy with each game the Home
Run and Steel's ticker Rose 43 home runs
in 43 steals then 45 home runs and 45
steals then 47 home runs and 47 steals
at 48 home runs and 49 steals Otani
entered a September 19th night game
standing on a cliff looking down into
the abyss of Destiny Otani started his
first at bat with a line drive double
off the wall and a stolen base for his
50th steal all in the first inning he
had a line drive single in the second
inning to drive in a run and steal
another base then in the third inning he
slashed another another double into the
left Center Gap to start the day three
for three truly knocking on Destiny's
door Otani drove a deep home run to
right field for 49th home run one away
from the 50/50 Milestone and one away
from the Dodgers franchise record Otani
was far from Finish though because in
the seventh inning he did
this on a onew Otani sends one in the
air the other way back it goes
g one of a kind player Otani had broken
the Dodgers franchise record and started
the 50/50 club with one swing of his Bat
but he still was not done yet because on
his sixth at bat of the night in the
ninth inning Otani did this watching
this guy oh my gosh
sh
Otani the greatest day in baseball
history I mean just listen to the
announcers reaction we all witnessed
true greatness that night at the time of
recording this showy and the Dodgers are
on the hunt for a 2024 World Series rank
with a high likelihood of achieving it
but the reality is ring or not Otani is
the greatest baseball player to ever
live to emphasize how true that
statement is an MLB pitcher normally
arrives 6 hours before a game and so
does an MLB position player that means
that Otani who trains to do both does
the equivalent of 12 hours of baseball a
day yet he could still hit better than
two-time MVP Bryce Harper and pitch
better than one time Sion Corbin Burns
he is truly One of a Kind a dream
catcher for becoming the first two-way
player of the modern era and even if his
career continues to be hit with setback
injuries it is clear that this
extraordinary Japanese boy has earned
the title of the goat thanks for
watching our video on showy Otani and if
you liked it stick with batter's box and
check out our video on Aaron judge
titled how a farm system scrub became
the king of the MLB see you there